### Speeding Up `account-cli` Synchronization by Using Snapshot Data

The `account-cli` tool uses a built in CKB Indexer, which needs to fully synchronize with a Testnet CKB Indexer before it can create transactions. This process can be sped up dramatically by using snapshot data.

A snapshot is a compressed archive of blockchain data that can be downloaded from a website and extracted into your project directory. Using a snapshot to bootstrap your project can save a lot of time compared to the normal process of downloading and verifying each block, but this speed up comes at the expense of security. Relying on a snapshot is insecure, and therefore this should never be done on the Mainnet. However, it is acceptable for the Testnet since none of the tokens or assets have any value.

To use a snapshot, stop the `account-cli` tool if it is running by pressing `ctrl+c`, then run the following steps below to download the snapshot data to the appropriate location.

#### 1. Install 7zip if you do not already have it on your system.

```sh
sudo apt-get install p7zip-full
```

#### 2. Clone the godwoken-examples repo as specified if you do not already have it.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Kuzirashi/godwoken-examples -b testnet-script
cd godwoken-examples
```

#### 3. Use the helper script to download the snapshot data.

```sh
chmod +x get-testnet-snapshot-data.sh
./get-testnet-snapshot-data.sh
```

After this process is successful, start the `account-cli` tool again using the same command that was used previously. The sync process should now start much higher (usually 90% or more), and the remaining sync will take much less time.
