# Setup and use `account-cli` tool

There are few already existing tools that will make your life as a developer easier when interacting with Nervos' Layer 2 Testnet. One of them is `account-cli` tool. It is your go-to place for performing the most interesting actions such as depositing assets from Layer 1 to Layer 2.

## Setup the Godwoken Examples Tools Package

In order to interact with Nervos' Layer 2 Testnet, you need to clone the Godwoken Examples tool repository.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Kuzirashi/godwoken-examples -b testnet-script
```

The command above clones the repository and checks out the `testnet-script` branch which you will be using.

The next step is to configure the tool so it can properly interact with the Testnet. These commands will initialize the tool, then locate the addresses of the Layer 2 resources that are required by the tool and save them to a configuration file.

```sh
cd godwoken-examples
yarn && yarn build-all
yarn generate-testnet-configs
```

Your tools should now be ready to start interacting with Nervos Layer 2!

> Note: The 'account-cli' tool will need to sync with Testnet on the first usage. This can sometimes take several hours, but there are ways to speed this up. **Look at the instructions below** to speed it up using snapshot data.

## Speeding Up `account-cli` Synchronization by Using Snapshot Data

The `account-cli` tool uses a built in CKB Indexer, which needs to fully synchronize with a Testnet CKB Indexer before it can create transactions. This process can be sped up dramatically by using snapshot data.

A snapshot is a compressed archive of blockchain data that can be downloaded from a website and extracted into your project directory. Using a snapshot to bootstrap your project can save a lot of time compared to the normal process of downloading and verifying each block, but this speed up comes at the expense of security. Relying on a snapshot is insecure, and therefore this should never be done on the Mainnet. However, it is acceptable for the Testnet since none of the tokens or assets have any value.

To use a snapshot, stop the `account-cli` tool if it is running by pressing `ctrl+c`, then run the following steps below to download the snapshot data to the appropriate location.

### 1. Install 7zip if you do not already have it on your system.

```sh
sudo apt-get install p7zip-full
```

### 2. Clone the godwoken-examples repo as specified if you do not already have it.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Kuzirashi/godwoken-examples -b testnet-script
cd godwoken-examples
```

### 3. Use the helper script to download the snapshot data.

```sh
chmod +x get-testnet-snapshot-data.sh
./get-testnet-snapshot-data.sh
```

After this process is successful, start the `account-cli` tool again using the same command that was used previously. The sync process should now start much higher (usually 90% or more), and the remaining sync will take much less time.

## Address conversion

A Polyjuice address is the address on Nervos Layer 2 corresponding to the Ethereum address behind it. The concept of Polyjuice address exists because of the cross-chain Layer 2 architecture. You can't just use Ethereum address on Nervos Layer 2 chain because Nervos Layer 2 is made to also support Tron and other blockchains accounts. The addresses from all these different blockchains, including Nervos need to be standardized in some way in the Layer 2. That's why it's using Polyjuice address.

### Convert Ethereum adress to Polyjuice address

```
node ./packages/tools/lib/account-cli.js to-eth-address -a <YOUR_ETHEREUM_ADDRESS>
```

Replace `<YOUR_ETHEREUM_ADDRESS>` with Ethereum address to convert.

As a result of running this command you will receive corresponding Polyjuice address.

<details>
<summary>Example Output (click to expand)</summary>

```
➜ node ./packages/tools/lib/account-cli.js to-short-address -a 0xda25163ac482dbae64bc6e421fbf51624b318308
godwoken short address: 0xcf09b6afbdce495b85e25c2aa930f04092257f0e
```

</details>

### Convert Polyjuice address to Ethereum address

```
node ./packages/tools/lib/account-cli.js to-eth-address -a <YOUR_POLYJUICE_ADDRESS>
```

Replace `<YOUR_POLYJUICE_ADDRESS>` with Polyjuice address to convert.

As a result of running this command you will receive corresponding Ethereum address.

<details>
<summary>Example Output (click to expand)</summary>

```
➜ node ./packages/tools/lib/account-cli.js to-eth-address -a 0xcf09b6afbdce495b85e25c2aa930f04092257f0e
eth eoa address: 0xda25163ac482dbae64bc6e421fbf51624b318308
```

</details>

## Use local Nervos Layer 1 node

By default `account-cli` instructions in this series of tutorials are configured to use remote public Layer 1 node Layer 1 indexer that Nervos provides. This happens by adding:
```
-r http://3.235.223.161:18114
```

argument to the `account-cli` commands. It instructs the tool to use the above address as Layer 1 RPC node.

If you want you can alternatively setup your own node and use it. It will be a harder and longer process though so be prepared if you really want to do it. We recommend you use provided remote public node for the sake of completing these tutorials.

> Note: If you're creating a production-ready system you might consider deploying your own testnet node so you have finer control and more bandwith available to your application.

### Setup Layer 1 node

You can set Layer 1 node up locally using [these instructions](https://docs.nervos.org/docs/basics/guides/testnet).

If you're running a local Testnet node, it will take at least 4-5 hours to synchronize, but you can optionally use a [bootstrap](https://ckb.tools/bootstrap) to speed up this process.

After you've setup a local testnet node and want to use use following argument when interacting with `account-cli`:
```
-r http://127.0.0.1:8114
```