# 1. Create a Godwoken Account on the EVM Layer 2 Testnet

Nervos supports the use of Ethereum compatible smart contracts which allow developers to create dapps using the popular Solidity smart contract language. This is done by running the EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) in a [Layer 2](../conceptual-explainers/structure.md#layer-1--layer-2) based execution environment using the [Godwoken](../conceptual-explainers/frameworks.md#godwoken) and [Polyjuice](../conceptual-explainers/frameworks.md#polyjuice) frameworks.

EVM dapps run nearly identically on Nervos as they do on Ethereum. This, in turn, allows dapp users to continue using the popular [MetaMask](../conceptual-explainers/wallets.md#metamask) wallet without having to install anything new. Dapp users who are familiar with Ethereum will feel right at home, and may not even realize they are using Nervos!

## Challenge Instructions

> Note: Before you complete the challenges, be sure to review the [Challenge Submission](#challenge-submission) section so you know what materials you will need to provide to judges to review your challenge submission.

In the first challenge you'll create a Godwoken account on Nervos' EVM Layer 2 [Testnet](../conceptual-explainers/structure.md#mainnet--testnet--devnet). Creating a Godwoken account is the first step that all users must perform on Layer 1 before they can begin interacting with smart contracts on Layer 2.

We will be focusing on Layer 2 for these challenges, so you don't need to think about Layer 1 too much right now. Alright, let's start creating an account!

The basic the process of creating a Godwoken account is:

1. [Create an address on Layer 1, add some CKBytes from Testnet Faucet, and export the private key.](../component-tutorials/10.setup.account.cli.md)
2. [Create a Godwoken account by making a deposit to Layer 2 using your private key.](../component-tutorials/11.layer2.deposit.md)

## Challenge Submission

To complete the challenge, you will need to submit the following materials for review by the judges:

1. A screenshot of the accounts you created (`account list`) in `ckb-cli`.
2. A link to the address you funded on the [Testnet Explorer](https://explorer.nervos.org/aggron/).
3. A screenshot of the console output immediately after you have successfully submitted a deposit to Layer 2.
