# 2. Deploy a simple Ethereum smart contract on polyjuice

## 1. [Create an address on Layer 1, add some CKBytes from Testnet Faucet, and export the private key.](../component-tutorials/10.setup.account.cli.md)
## 2. [Create a Godwoken account by making a deposit to Layer 2 using your private key.](../component-tutorials/11.layer2.deposit.md)

Prepare the private key of your **Ethereum** address. You will need it in next step to deploy a smart-contract. Make sure this is Ethereum private key (Layer 2 private key), not a Layer 1 private key. If you use Layer 1 private key it won't work.

## 3. Compile a smart-contract and copy the artifact

Go to http://remix.ethereum.org/, add your Solidity smart-contract and compile it. As a result you will receive a JSON file (you can find it in Remix "artifacts" directory). Place the content of this file `/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/artifacts` directory.

## 4. Deploy a smart-contract using web3.js

In the [`/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/` directory](/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/) there is everything you need to deploy a smart-contract to Nervos Layer 2. 

First, change the Ethereum private key used to deploy in [/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/index.js](/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/index.js). Put there your Ethereum private key to the Ethereum account that you've deposited funds from Layer 1 to.

Run [/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/index.js](/src/examples/2-deploy-contract/index.js) script via console:
```
cd /src/examples/2-deploy-contract
yarn
node index.js SimpleStorage.json
```

<details>
  <summary>Example comand output</summary>
  
```
➜ node index.js SimpleStorage.json
Deploying contract...
it is very dangerous to sign with private-key, please use it carefully and only use in test development!
keep waitting for tx_receipt..
...
Transaction hash: 0x77f9547b275a69f691b1a37ed2579fb63073a492fda9949c83cc0a2c658fff37
Deployed contract address: 0x1f6755d06b82881E7C4664918ADD59FEf0FB77f2
```
</details>

## 5. Send us Proof of Completion

As a result of the previous step you should have received `Transaction hash` and `Deployed contract address` as part of the command output.

Send us those two values so we can verify you've completed the challenge.